[recording crew laughing]
- Hey, Vogue, it's Anne Hathaway.
I hear you have a few
questions, so let's get to it.
I love going to Rome
because as soon as I land I just feel joy.
Any stress that I have or any worries
or anything I have that's
like kind of just been
racing around my mind,
I just look at the history of the place
that you live with while you're there
and I just go, "Oh, why
am I sweating anything?"
When I went to Ethiopia,
that was completely mind blowing.
At that time in my life,
I didn't know the world
could be that beautiful.
Recently I went to Kyoto.
I just felt poetry everywhere I went.
I felt very peaceful.
I was there, there was no rushing.
So those are some of my favorites.
I mean, you can't go wrong with water.
If you have it and it's clean,
you're very, very lucky.
So hydrate.
I also really love face
sheets and eye patches.
The whole thing.
I am the type who does it on a plane.
Absolutely. I've scared
many a flight attendant.
[laughing]
You know I had my Shiseido on
just before this interview.
Just like all the time. Whenever I can.
I'm not big on holding things with regret.
My regrets are for like
if I've been stressed and I
let that impact someone else.
Like I save my regret for that.
But in terms of outfits, like whatever,
it's all fun, it's great.
And even if it's terrible,
it's still kind of great.
I do regret when I show up at
a place and I'm overdressed.
There was this one time though,
I remember wearing an outfit
that I still think was very nice.
And I wound up on the worst dressed list.
I remember going to visit my grandmother
and she like saved all my press clippings
and she'd cut out my worst dressed list.
See? Like even when it's
terrible, it's great.
Oh, what's my number one comfort movie?
"Blades of Glory."
The part at the end when
they're chasing each other
but they're wearing
skates, but on dry land.
It's like, the physical
comedy makes me so happy.
But also like any Will
Ferrell movie. Period.
But also that era Will
Ferrell, Adam McKay.
Yes. Forever.
My favorite karaoke songs
are "99 Luftballoons."
It's really fun.
Makes people happy. Makes me happy.
If you're having a night
where like you're feeling
particularly on it,
you can attempt it in German
and usually there's no one around
to tell you that you're wrong.
So just kind of attack
it with some cockiness.
What do I wear to feel confident?
Hmm. For me, confidence
begins with gratitude.
Like if I'm not connected to my gratitude,
my confidence will not show up.
I just have to say I'm
so lucky to be here.
Like, wow.
Just honestly all the way wow.
Knock, knock.
- [Interviewer] Who's there?
- Dwayne?
- [Interviewer] Dwayne who?
- Dwayne the tub. I'm drowning.
[recording crew laughing]
[Anne laughing]
Can you tell I have kids?
Those are some great questions, Vogue.
Thank you so much and
I'll see you next time.
[upbeat music]